Hey everyone, happy summer. [laughter]
Thank you so much for coming to my
webinar. I'm going to talk about kind of
like a boring topic, but I'm going to
make it a lot of fun. So, what I want
you to do is just relax. Okay? This is
not your typical webinar. All right? You
don't have to sit like this and listen.
No, sit back and we are just going to
have some fun. All right? And the topics
I want to talk about today, three
marketing campaigns that you can
instantly improve with intent data. I
know that just so woody, isn't it? But
I'm going to break them down and then
make sure that you understand. Is that
good? Okay, we're going to get started.
So, I really only have two goals. Okay,
two, that's it for today.
Number one is I want to help you think
and approach demand generation a little
differently. Just a little.
That's the number one goal.
And number two goal, if I can go back to
my slide, haha,
is to find joy. [laughter]
Have you ever seen Inside Out? If you
haven't big loss, you have to watch
them. Number one and number two both are
very good. Okay? And we are here to find
some joy in our work.
But in order to find joy in a business
setting, you have to think with me. We
are going to think together, but in a
very casual way. All right? Nothing
serious. You were like, "Seriously, Pam,
we have to think together. That just
sounds way too serious. No, no, no, no.
It's casual.
And the way that we are going to think
together is because you start thinking
and you think a little bit differently.
A lot of stuff that you do on regular
basis, especially status quo,
will become nude again.
When is something new? you were like,
"Oh, I didn't know about that. Let me
try it and see if that works."
And with that kind of mindset, it adds a
little excitement to your job. And by
doing so, you'll find little joy. Joy in
a business setting is a baby step. Baby
step. Baby step. Is that helpful?
Because most of our job are so intense.
We have endless tasks we have to do on
regular basis. We have deadlines we have
to meet. We are like
all the time. The things that keep your
job interesting and little jazz up is
you do things a little differently.
And that's what we're going to do. But
before I get started, I also want to
share the reality that all of you
experience.
I know it's hard. All our prospects have
a short attention span. They all go
goldfish. Seriously, I have become a
goldfish myself. [laughter]
I cannot hold anything like more than
two minutes. I was like, "Okay, what's
your point? Let's get to it. Let's get
to it. Let's get to it." Right? And
because information is at everybody's
fingertips, everybody has an iPhone.
it's on their fingertips. So it's very
hard for all of us sales people and the
marketing people to sell and also to
market.
If you feel that nothing works, I want
to tell you you are not alone. You are
not alone. I talked to many many
marketers also very seasoned sales
professionals. They all feel the same
way. especially in the past two
quarters. Okay, so I get you. I get you.
Just want to make sure you are not
alone.
So how do we fix it? Before we start,
you need to change your mindset and this
is very important mindset and you also
need to educate your management and
executives.
Marketing is about placing calculated
bets.
Marketing just like the sales call.
Sometimes when you make the sales call
it will be successful. Sometimes it
doesn't.
That's also marketing. Sometimes your
campaign is going to work beautifully.
Sometimes it's just going to flop.
You have to educate your management.
Marketing campaigns is like placing
calculated bets
because it's a calculated bet. You need
to make sure everything you do like is
increasing a little bit of probability,
right? Because it's a bet. So what can
you do to make sure that you increase
that little bit of probability to help
you win?
So every touch point counts.
That's another mindset you need to have.
Because of that,
what you are doing to make sure every
touch point counts is you are bending
the odds to your favor by carefully
curating and managing each touch point.
That's where you're going to think
differently.
So, I'm going to mention these key
points a couple more times during this
webinar, but I want to make sure you
understand everything you do, especially
marketing. You need to think how can I
bend the odds to my favor? How can I
bend the odds to my favor?
All right? And you need to tell your
team members that as well.
So let's start with a video. I want to
share a video with you. Okay. Okay. I'm
going to share my screen now.
A window. See?
Okay.
If you immerse yourself in something,
you are going to get ideas about it. But
you have to do the immersing first.
You're you're not just sitting there
waiting for lightning to strike. You're
you're working in a mente
and the more you work in it, the more
ideas you will get about it. It's just
how human creativity works of whatever
kind.
>> Okay,
I'm stop sharing. It's going to take a
little while.
Okay.
So, who is that lady? [laughter]
Well, if you actually like Handmaid's
Tail, she's the author of that book. I
know there was several versions of the
Handmmaid's Tale in the past probably 30
years starting with the movie and then
eventually TV series that you watch
right now. and uh she created that
story. Okay. And she has been a prolific
author and been writing tons from poetry
down to novel to every essays. The key
things about Margaret her point is you
have to immerse yourself when you have
to immerse yourself to understand your
customer's journey. You have to immerse
yourself to understand for each point
what are the couple things that you
would do differently to bend the odds to
your favor.
How are you going to immerse yourself?
I'm going to share some ideas with you.
Remember I mentioned earlier there are
three campaigns I want to share with
you. So that started with one number one
events.
Okay. I am going to do kind of workflow.
The way that you have to think a little
bit differently is you have to look at
at the workflow level.
This is a typical event, right? You have
event invitation. You send an invitation
to the people that you want to invite to
your event. It doesn't matter is a
customer event or the sponsor a trade
show event. Then hopefully people will
register. You know who is coming and you
do the head counts and you do the live
events. after event you send out a
postevent thank you email and then you
move on to a next event. How many of us
are doing that? Me included when I was
in the corporate events I did this I
have 56 events I have to do a year I I
cannot stop and this is the typical
workflow.
However, if you actually look at any
kind of event playbook, they are not
going to give you a lot of detail in
terms of in terms of what you need to do
differently.
This is a typical uh event playbook that
you're going to see, you know, on
website and this is actually I captured
this information. This is actually from
Zebra Technologies. And uh they say hey
before event preparation this is the
playbook they created for their channel
partners and this is all the steps you
have to do and then of course you want
to do a event promotion you know 30-day
in advance 25 day 14 days out and then
live event.
But if you notice a lot of those
descriptions tend to be very generic.
They just basically say you need to send
out reminders but that's not helping you
in terms of what you need to do
differently.
So again why don't we build a workflow
based on that playbook I build a
workflow we are going to do an
invitation 30 days out 25 days out 14 7
days out and even one day out for event
reminder that will all drive to event
registration. Yeah, this is no
different. It just showcase that there
are things you will need to do.
The things that you need to do
differently is what should be included
into each invitation email.
30 days, can you do a short 30 second
teaser?
25 days, can you do something a little
bit different? 14 days maybe you have a
mystery gift that you want to give away
and worth certain amount of dollar value
and the seven days maybe you can talk
about what is new remind everybody again
so when you are looking every single
touch point like what I'm doing right
now I am looking at every single touch
point and I'm thinking how can I make
that touch point count
and I want to give you a very specific
examples to help you think.
So
detail matters. The 30-day email for
example, you probably can include some
sort of 20 to 30 second teaser.
Basically talk about very short. It
doesn't have to be very formal and
highly produced. No, you can just use
your phone and record it, but make sure
that your that the quality of the the
audio is good. People like to hear crisp
audio. Is that helpful? Identify what's
new. Just mention three things. 20
seconds done,
right? And tag the attendees who
actually engage with the videos. If they
watch it, you kind of know you have to
tag that 25 days. You can basically
said, "Hey, send out a highlevel agenda
items or a specific keynote or section
that you think is good. They might be
interested,
right?" You can also say, "Hey, we are
preparing a Q&A list to answer any
question you you may have. Hit the
reply. Let us know your question."
Again, what am I doing? Bending the odd
to my favor.
14 days out. Let's assume that you
actually have a VIP dinner the night
before the event or you have a mystery
gift you want to actually give away. You
can also talk about that. Let them know.
Share the information.
And if you actually have a VIP dinner,
you can also tell them reply, okay? Or
let us know your biggest industry
challenge and or your name will be added
to the drawing.
whatever you can do. But when they say
their biggest challenge, that's a intent
data. That's a first party data. That's
something that you can pass to your
sales team.
Yeah. Same thing about email. Again,
share the agenda one more time. Tell
everybody to come, right? Or you can
actually share a case study if you
choose to of a similar industry.
one day emails. Create a 20 second video
with three specific takeaway they're
gonna get out of it to tell them that if
you come these are the things you're
gonna get out of it and make sure that
is relevant to your audience.
So I'm not sending a very typical
standard invitation email. Nobody reads
that anymore. So, how can you add a
little finance into it and make it a
little fun for yourself? I know it's a
little work. I I understand that. And
also for your audience.
Now, all of the sudden when you are
looking at the intent data or looking at
the replies from the five email that you
send out. Yeah. The five email sent out.
That's assume you get some reply. Not a
lot of people will reply. I totally
understand. But if they reply that means
they are interested. You can also count
on there's 80% of chance they are
coming.
Now you understand who is actually going
to show up. Of course they also can not
show up but the probability again is
higher.
You have the reply information that's a
first party data. You can add that into
the intent data that you have. There are
a lot of intent data platforms out there
and the majority of them actually have a
standard data that you can enrich and
you can help you to understand in terms
of what that specific prospect's intent
is, right? You can look at the typical
information, the company's growth
information, their technology stack,
their seniority, the job title, etc.
But many many platform the intend data
platform also have something called
likely engage filter everybody does a
little bit differently. You can look at
the information in terms of their
engagement on the website, their
engagement on the search and also their
engagement on you know if they go to a
certain software evaluation platform and
looking for a specific software or
products. There are many intent datas
out there. You need to determine what
you are looking for and of course you
can match that with your company's ICP
ideal customer profile.
Have you noticed what am I doing? I'm
looking at the workflows. I'm identify
the touch point I can do differently. If
the customers engage with me, I look at
their replies and layer that information
with intent data and my company's ICP.
That
is putting your prospect in context to
help yourself to understand who are the
prospects that might engage with the
salespeople.
Is that helpful so far? I know I cannot
hear you, but I still want to say that.
[laughter]
All right, let's move on. Let's move on
to number two. But again, like I said,
and the odds to your favor.
Number two is a webinar. I'm doing the
webinars right now and you're attending
it, right? So, what is the typical
webinar workflow for marketing people?
A lot of you probably do LinkedIn pay
ads and you do email campaigns. You send
it out to a huge list or your subscriber
list and then you promote it on social
media channel whatever is appropriate.
You drive the traffic to web not
registration landing page. Then you
launch the live webinar and then you
send out a post webinar thank you note.
Then you move on.
Okay, that's cool.
And then a lot of time on the sales
side, if you actually have inside and
outside sales team, you know what I'm
talking about. The inside sales, which
is SBR, they will vet SQL
and uh if the SQL has been vetted and
being qualified would pass that lead to
outside sales team. Outside sales team
will engage with them. Hopefully the
prospects are interested and then
schedule a meeting blah blah blah blah.
Yeah. So if you look at the marketing
side and the sales side as if there is
no connection between the two especially
on the webinar. So how can we make that
connection?
What if you look at some of the original
data or the first day first party data?
Can you identify let's just use this one
as a scenario. Can you identify the
prospects that have attended your
webinar three times straight? Three
times consecutively.
I'm not saying like attended like in
January, March, June. No, no, no, no,
no.
Attended three times consecutively.
If a prospect did that,
is that the intent that you think that
you need to follow up? Why do they do
that? Is that an interest for your
product or service?
Maybe warrant
a followup from your sales team.
What are you doing? You are vetting the
information
for your sales team.
So again doing something similar what I
just said. Layer the replies is not
replied. I apologize. [laughter]
Should be attendees
who actually attended your webinar three
times straight. You have that piece of
information. Now you map that
information with intent data with the
ideal customer profile.
Again what are you doing? bending the
odds
to your favor.
So you are not just looking at the
webinar attendee data and say okay yeah
that's it all right that's just upload
that information to CIM or in the
marketing automation tool you are
actually looking into the data and see
if you can find some nuggets
that's number two in terms of using the
webinar plus the intent data
is that good everyone okay I know I
cannot hear you But it's important for
me to talk about it. [laughter]
[gasps]
All right, the next one is ABM gifting.
I know a lot of you are doing ABM
accountbased marketing and accountbased
marketing comes in many different forms
and formats. Um I know that you identify
a strategic accounts and then you can uh
do uh pay ads to reach out to them or
you can actually have a list that you
want to reach out specifically and then
you do a invitationon event and invite
them to your invitation only event
that's also very targeted very strategic
can also be called ABM and I know there
are a lot of sales people they have
strategic account they want to reach and
they have that list on regular basis and
working very closely with the marketing
team and the marketing team will will do
specific marketing campaigns to provide
the air covered for the sales team to
increase the probability of the
prospecting engaging with sales.
So let's talk about the ABM gifting or
as an example. Okay.
So, this is a workflow. Have you noticed
I'm just a workflow girl. [laughter]
But you know what? I actually feel this
is much easier to explain the situation
to uh marketers and also this is a good
way to communicate with the executives
to help them understand what you do. On
top of it, when you show something like
this, the management were like, "Oh my
god, this is complicated." and you goes,
"Yeah, I know." [laughter]
So on any kind of ABM, I can tell you
one thing. The most important thing is
the list. You need to spend a lot of
time actually on the list. Make sure the
list is clean. This is something that
the list or the company or the account
is that the sales and the marketing
people agree. If nothing else, sales
people needs to approve. The list is
super important. If the list is not
good, nothing else you do is good. I can
guarantee that. I actually spend a lot
of time to make sure the ABM list is
solid and you should do that too.
So now you actually have ABM prospect
list and you want to kind of like your
sales people are coming to you and
basically say hey you know what we have
this list how can I get them to talk to
me? They're like, "Okay,
because they are like uh marketing
director and uh first line or second
line managers
and why don't we send them maybe a pair
of a wine glasses and it's a postal
mail. It's a nice package. you are
pitching to your salespeople and uh it's
a nice package and we're going to send
it to their you know office and a
beautiful wine glasses and we are going
to have a personalized letter and also a
ebook very nice print ebook as part of
it and uh we are just going to ask them
that hey you know check out product and
also if they schedule call with you
you're talking to your sales people now
and they're going to get a bottle of
wine as a followup,
right? To compliment
a pair of wine glasses. Hey, nice. Okay,
very good. So, your sales people say,
"Okay, that sounds like a good idea." By
the way, I have to tell you, don't do
this actually for seuite. Let me tell
you why. So, I actually run a campaign
to a seuite once with this similar uh
idea. It didn't go very well. I didn't
get a lot of response because you know
what? A lot of sea sweets, they make a
lot of money and their salary is
actually pretty high. They probably
don't care about like a nice wine uh uh
glasses or uh like a $100 or $200 worth
of a bottle of wine. So when you are
doing the ABM gifting, you have to think
through in terms of okay, you know, who
are the people I'm going after? If I'm
sending this, will they care? Do they
care to even will I add a little
surprise to them? Does that make sense?
So when I do this, I tend to focus on
like u marketing directors or the first
line and second line marketing managers
because they were like oh this is kind
of nice but if you send it to a seuite
they were like whatever and they just
give to their admin [laughter]
not good not good. So again right here
you build a workflow right if they say
okay I will have 15 minute conversation
with the salespeople and then you pass
that information to sales and sales will
do a followup possibly have a schedule
call and then you have to do a logistics
and sending out you know the the wine
bottle to them. Yeah. If it didn't go
anywhere you should also follow up with
another email which is email one. If
they didn't response follow with email
two. Does that make sense? So I'm
building a workflow to show everybody in
terms of how I'm managing the ABN
gifting.
So with that being said, same thing.
If anybody respond,
if they respond to an email or you have
the 1-800 numbers or whatever, if they
reply, you layer that information with
the intend data. You do a research. you
do um um gather intelligence to
understand this person a whole lot more
and also map that into ICP and provide
the information to your salespeople.
That's why intent data is for is when
you have the first party information and
you add the intent data to complement to
enrich
your insight.
So that's my example.
What am I doing?
Bending the odds
to your favor. That's it. Nothing else.
So I'm giving you three different
examples and I'm giving you a specific
tactics that you can think about. What
am I doing?
Help you to think a little bit
differently.
What are the things that you can do to
make every single touch point count?
However, I also want to make sure you
understand I said that earlier marketing
is calculated bet.
Even though you curating every single
touch point, it still doesn't guarantee
success. It does not. Nothing is
guaranteed in our life. Period.
Does that make sense? So you have to
make sure that you are doing everything
you can. You make sure your management
know that you are doing everything you
can. You also have to set expectation
like you know what this is not necessary
guarantee. We have a goal of a
conversion rate of 10% or 15%. I'm doing
the best I can. We'll see how it works.
So I want to make sure everybody
understand I'm not giving you like
panacea and you going to live happily
ever after. What I'm telling you is a
bet and you're doing everything you can
but that still doesn't guarantee
success.
Okay, you're like seriously Pam, that's
how you're going to end the
presentation. [laughter]
I know.
So here's another video I kind of want
to share with you. Okay, I want you to
keep trying and keep optimizing. There's
not much to it. All right, just bear
with me and let me stop and this a
presentation and share my screen.
[music]
It didn't come out. [music]
Oh my god, the baby was like, "Oh, I am
so tired. [laughter] I finally made it."
[gasps] So, you know, that was a video
on Instagram. So, I was scrolling one
day and I was like looking at this. Oh,
this is great. This is great for my
webinar. [laughter]
[gasps] I was like, I need to use this
for my webinar. And that baby tried like
seven or eight times.
And uh you know if the baby doesn't give
up,
you shouldn't. You shouldn't either.
Okay? Just keep trying and try a
different way to optimize it, right?
There's no shortcut. Absolutely none.
And don't listen to me. Honestly, why
don't you listen to Telaso? [laughter]
Eventually, everything will work out. It
will. But what you need to do is just
take it down to a word flow level.
Analyze it. Look at each touch point and
think about it. What can you do
differently?
I just want to let you know I see you. I
do.
And I know how hard you worked. Every
single marketers I talked to actually
have black eyes [laughter]
right here. Like, oh my god.
And there's just endless deadlines,
endless campaigns, and the analytics
that you have to deal with. And I see
you and I understand. But I just want to
let you know, you take a moment to
appreciate yourself sometimes and tell
yourself,
you're awesome. Okay? And you should say
that to yourself. I'm awesome.
[laughter]
And you do. And to end this
presentation, I just want to share with
you feel free to connect with me on
LinkedIn, YouTube, and Tik Tok. Yes, I
do have a Tik Tok channel. [laughter]
If you really like this webinar, please
uh take a picture of this QR code. I
have a short survey, only six questions,
20 seconds. Let me know how I'm doing.
If I suck, let me know as well. It will
not offend me. If you want to understand
how to use intent data intelligently,
Michelle Blondon from Zoom Info is
standing by. Okay, send her an email.
She'll work with you. If she cannot work
with you, her team will, right? You can
also reach out to me if you want to talk
and if you have issues, uh it can also
be a therapy section sometimes.
[laughter]
[gasps] So, this is my email address.
Hello pamdinner.com. And like I said,
share your challenges with us. We love
to help you. All right, take care. I
hope to see you on LinkedIn. Bye bye.